readme.md, before:

# NodeJS Industry Standard Project Setup 

created this project by following the tutorial of chai aur code by Hitesh Chowdary
as part of revising my Backend Skills

## step 1 : create a node package

> npm init 

## step 2 : read me file for notes and documentation

**readme.md** add file

## step 3 : folder structure

create a **src** folder 

## step 4 : configuring git ignore

add **.gitignore** and fill it using generator 

> https://mrkandreev.name/snippets/gitignore-generator/#Node

## step 5 : why gitkeep

use **.gitkeep** to add files to git hub if they are not pushing because they are empty

## step 6 : folder for files

add a **public** folder so that all the images or  videos required will be present inside the folder

## step 7 : adding data to .envfile

add **.env** file such that which ever confidential files you dont want to show will be inside env and remember these will go into github but dont show in git hub

**.env.sample** is for the tutorial purpose and not necessary

## step 8 :  creating folder structure

inside src we have a certain folder structure which we should follow

we have the **app.js** and **index.js**

we have **controllers** **db**(for db connections) **routes** **models** **middlewares utils**

## step 9 : configuring prettier

add prettier to make the code consistant so that whole team writes the similar code with similar annotations.

add folders **.prettierrc** and settings code inside it 
>   {
        "singleQoute" : false,
        "bracketSpacing" : true,
        "tabWidth" : 2,
        "trailingComma" : "es5",
        "semi" : true
    }

you can see at :

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/.prettierrc">.prettierrc</a>

and also add **.prettierignore** and add what you dont want to change like

> /.vscode
> /node_modules
> /.dist
 
> *.env
> .env
> .env.*

you can see at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/.prettierignore">.prettierignore</a>

## step 10 : installing prettier as dev dependency

install prettier and nodemon as dev dependencies using 

> npm i -D nodemon prettier 

## step 11 : connecting to database

now you should connect to the database of mongodb 

instead of writing the whole code in index.js write the code 
seperately in db folder index.js 

your db may be in your region or far away region so it is not a 
good practice to just connect directly 

the best practice is to use async programming so that it takes
its time to connect to database 

since there may be errors in connecting to the database so 
inorder to solve these errors use the try catch blocks 
so that the process exits if not connected and has errors 

its safe to use the connection URI inside .env file so that it doesnt get exposed

since it is wriiten inside the db.index.js file we should trigger it from index.js 

so it is better to write it as a function and export it so that we can use it 
by importing in index.js

you can see the code at : 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/db/index.js">src/db/index.js</a>

## step 12 : hiding data with .env file

we should configure the dotenv and specify its path 

for this we should use require 

but since we are using ejs we cannot use require so use the import 

> import dotenv from "dotenv";

> dotenv.config({path : "./env"})

but still it may not work because it is still experimental for ejs so 
inside your package.json and dev : use 

>  "scripts": 
    {
        "dev": "nodemon -r dotenv/config --experimental-json-modules src/index.js",
        "start": "node src/index.js"
    },


now it shall work

## step 13 : configure database connection to index.js

Now that we have connected our db connection we should now run the server on 
a particular port 

we use app.js to write the configuration of express and send it to the 
index.js to run on the server 

## step 14 : configuring middlewares using .use (like cors and other data related)

we should add middlewares 

firstly when we access the server from the frontend there may be 
cross origin server errors for which we should configure the cors 

> npm i cors

now we have different type of data coming from the frontend like :

req.params - with different encoding so we should use express.urlencoded()
req.body or json data - which should be handled express.json()
images or pdf files - which should be handled using express.static()

since they are middlewares they should be used by app.use()

to acess the cookies and modify the cookies we should use cookie-parser

> npm i cookie-parser 

since this is also a middleware we should use in app.use()

## step 15 : standardizing the asynchronous functions

we have asynchronous functions running instead of writing them as async 
multiple times we can use it as utility by only writing it once.

we can do this multiple ways using .then.catch and also by using promises 

both uses the higher order functions 

you can find it at 
> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/asyncHandler.js">src/utils/asyncHandler.js</a> 

## step 16 : standarizing the errors and responses

you can see that everytime we have to write the errors so we can also 
standardize the errors by creating a class of errors and modify the Error class 
already given by Node

you can find the class at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/apiErrors.js">src/utils/apiErrors.js</a> 

similarly we have api responses coming for every request 

we can also standardize the requests and codes most of the times will be success codes 

you can find the class at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/apiResponses.js">src/utils/apiResponses.js</a> 

## step 17 : creating models using mongoose {Schema and  model}

creating a models which should go into the database 

for this we use the mongoose

> import mongoose from "mongoose"

we should also extract {Schema} from mongoose

now we should create a new Schema 

> new Schema({})

assign it to the variable as schema

> usersSchema = new Schema({})

fill the feilds which you feel they should be present in the document/model

for example login database will contain name, password, email etc 

for every feild we should provide certain qualities like datatype, required, default, timestamps etc

you can find the models in models folder

now you should make it a model and export it 

export const <variable> = mongoonse.model(<nameofthedocument>, <variablenameofschema>)

> export const users = mongoonse.model("User", usersSchema)

## step 18 : using timestamps in mongoose model

use timestamps so that createdAt and updatedAt will be available 

## step 19 : using mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2 as plugin for mongoose

> npm i mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2 which gives additional functionalities to search

> import mongooseAggregatePaginate from "mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2"

and use it just before creating a model as a plugin given by mongoose

videoSchema.plugin(mongooseAggregatePaginate)

## step 20 : encrypting the password with bcrypt

> npm i bcrypt 

Now that we have model of users we have to provide password 
but if we send the password directly there may be case that they
may be misused so we should encrypt 

not only encrypt - we should also decrypt

but once encrypted we just dont put it in our database
we should know weather the encryted is equal to original password given 

so for this problem we use the bcrypt 

**Bycrypt just makes our password hash so that we can encrypt, compare and also decrypt**

Where should we use this ?

Before the model gets created with the details given

direct encryption is not possible so we have to make use
of mongoose hooks 

> pre hook (execute just before saving runs this code)

pre hook takes parameters - 

1. Task we are doing - "save"
2. and function in which we use bcrypt to encrypt password

userSchema.pre("save", ()=>{})

note that dont use arrow function like above because arrow functions doesnt contain the context so it is not recommended.
//instead use 

> userSchema.pre("save", function(){})

since encrpytion takes time make it a async function

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(){})

now inside the function encrypt the password 
you can acess the password using this keyword

convertion 

> bcrypt.hash(this.password)

now assign this encryption to modify before going into model

> this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password)

after encryption is updated 
we have to save the model

how it will move to the save 
we should provide next and this is a middleware 
and contains next parameter

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password)
    next();
})

we can pass the no of salts or rounds along with password or it will remain default

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password, 10)
    next();
})

now we have a problem that this will keep encrypting 
for every change in the title or other feilds 

so we have to make it encrypt if there is password modified so 
we should check :

if(this.isModified("password")) is true it should modify

or should directly move to next()
so we can give the negative case

> if(!this.isModified("password")) return next();

the entire encrypting checking function looks like :

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    if(!this.isModified("password")) return next();
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password, 10)
    next();
})


## step 21 : validating or comparing encrypted password with bcrypt

now we have encryted and sent to create model 

but before moving to create a model we have a problem 

we just cannot send whatever the encrypt password sent
to the model assuming it will work :
we should test whether the encryption is working or it 
randomly sent us some strings

for this we should create custom methods which will be 
provided by mongoose

<variable_name of schema>.methods.<method_name> = function

userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = ()=>{}

as above there will be same difficulty that we cannot acess
this because of using the arrow function so 

we should go for normal function 

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = function(){}

the comparation may takes some time so we should make it async

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorrect = async function(){}

now that our password is updated we should send it as parameter 
for the function

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = async function(password){}

now inside the function you can write the logic to compare
bcrypt gives us the hook called compare

bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

since we want to proceed after completing this process
we should wait till this completed

await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

we will return this which will give us boolean value true/false

> return await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

the final process will look like :

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = async function(password)
{
    return await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)
}

## step 22 : generating json web token

as of now our password is encrypted and added to database 
but we cannot enter our password everytime we want to enter a website

so we use tokens :

when we first signup/login there will be access tokens and refresh tokens generated 

these will be present in cookies and sessions so that we dont need to login everytime

jsonwebtoken will take the values and secretkey and generate a token and everytime the 
website is visited token will be verified and gven an access.

where will we generate the token ?

just before saving the model we generate the access and refresh tokens 
which will have  a certain expiry date

> npm i jsonwebtoken

> import jwt from "jsonwebtoken"

we create a function which will generate the token 
we use the custom method which is provided by mongoose 

> userSchema.methods.generateAccessToken = function(){}

genearlly the token is generated immedietly so no need of async function
we should use regular function instead of arrow to acess the variables in userSchema
if needed you can use async also

generating a token 

> jwt.sign({ _id,username,email },secret,{expiresIn : 1d})

it will take params 
1. object which contains _id,username,email
2. secret key 
3. object which contains property { expiresIn : 1d}

since we have to give id name and email from our class we should use this

> jwt.sign(
    { 
        _id : this._id,
        username : this.username,
        email : this.email 
    },
    secret,
    {
        expiresIn : 1d
    })

we will return the generated acess token 

>   userSchema.methods.generateAccessToken = function()
    {
        return jwt.sign(
        { 
            _id : this._id,
            username : this.username,
            email : this.email 
        },
        secret,
        {
            expiresIn : 1d
        })
    }

similarly generate the refresh token and update it to refresh token
and we can save the model

## step 23 : creating a controller


now we have to write the controllers

let us consider registering the user 
whenever you have to solve the problem first you have to break
down the problem into multiple steps so that it makes the task easier

to register the user :
1. we have to recieve the data from the frontend and detructure the data
2. we have to check whether all fields are filled in the data or give an error
2. 2.1 check if the username or email already exists
3. we get the files from frontend like avatar and cover pic
4. if they are present we will check and if not will give error
5. if files came we will save them in local using multer config
6. we will store them in cloudinary.
7. check weather they are uploaded sucessfully to cloudinary and get the url
8. entry to database.
9. check if user is entered or not.
10. we send response removing the secret data feilds

before creating a controller of registering user 
we have to use the asyncHandlerPromises util to make the controller async

for this import the asyncHandlerpromises from utils and wrap your function 
inside this higher order function so that it becomes async

## step 24 : creating routes 

provide the routes 
dont provide all routes at one place 

inside routes folder create one file which represents all routes
and then provide different files for all routes

inside allRoutes : main root route will contain
ex : authentication, cart, search, wishlist route etc 

and each will have detailed routes like 
authentication - register, login, etc

you can see the classifiaction in routes folder

## step 25 : using postman

Now run the index file and pass the route in the postman and check for errors 
if server is running successfully 
then proceed with the logics 

## step 26 : test your code and solve errors

### error finding the public folder
you might not be able to upload files into public folder 
by just writing destination : {"/public"}

you should first get the path and the directory name as shown in
src/middleware/multer.js

use these instead if you are using cjs
>   import { fileURLToPath } from 'url';
    import { dirname, join } from 'path';

    const __filename = fileURLToPath(import.meta.url);
    const __dirname = dirname(__filename);
    const destinationPath = join(__dirname, '..', '..', 'public') ;

so now you can upload the files into public folder

## step 27 : cloudinary error

you can use 
> import cloudinary from "cloudinary"

instead like given in documentation
import {v2 from cloudinary} from "cloudinary"

because the uploader uses cloudinary.v2.uploader.upload()

## step 28 : generating refresh and acesstokens

Commit message:

step 28 readme unlinking files from local

readme.md, after:

# NodeJS Industry Standard Project Setup 

created this project by following the tutorial of chai aur code by Hitesh Chowdary
as part of revising my Backend Skills

## step 1 : create a node package

> npm init 

## step 2 : read me file for notes and documentation

**readme.md** add file

## step 3 : folder structure

create a **src** folder 

## step 4 : configuring git ignore

add **.gitignore** and fill it using generator 

> https://mrkandreev.name/snippets/gitignore-generator/#Node

## step 5 : why gitkeep

use **.gitkeep** to add files to git hub if they are not pushing because they are empty

## step 6 : folder for files

add a **public** folder so that all the images or  videos required will be present inside the folder

## step 7 : adding data to .envfile

add **.env** file such that which ever confidential files you dont want to show will be inside env and remember these will go into github but dont show in git hub

**.env.sample** is for the tutorial purpose and not necessary

## step 8 :  creating folder structure

inside src we have a certain folder structure which we should follow

we have the **app.js** and **index.js**

we have **controllers** **db**(for db connections) **routes** **models** **middlewares utils**

## step 9 : configuring prettier

add prettier to make the code consistant so that whole team writes the similar code with similar annotations.

add folders **.prettierrc** and settings code inside it 
>   {
        "singleQoute" : false,
        "bracketSpacing" : true,
        "tabWidth" : 2,
        "trailingComma" : "es5",
        "semi" : true
    }

you can see at :

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/.prettierrc">.prettierrc</a>

and also add **.prettierignore** and add what you dont want to change like

> /.vscode
> /node_modules
> /.dist
 
> *.env
> .env
> .env.*

you can see at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/.prettierignore">.prettierignore</a>

## step 10 : installing prettier as dev dependency

install prettier and nodemon as dev dependencies using 

> npm i -D nodemon prettier 

## step 11 : connecting to database

now you should connect to the database of mongodb 

instead of writing the whole code in index.js write the code 
seperately in db folder index.js 

your db may be in your region or far away region so it is not a 
good practice to just connect directly 

the best practice is to use async programming so that it takes
its time to connect to database 

since there may be errors in connecting to the database so 
inorder to solve these errors use the try catch blocks 
so that the process exits if not connected and has errors 

its safe to use the connection URI inside .env file so that it doesnt get exposed

since it is wriiten inside the db.index.js file we should trigger it from index.js 

so it is better to write it as a function and export it so that we can use it 
by importing in index.js

you can see the code at : 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/db/index.js">src/db/index.js</a>

## step 12 : hiding data with .env file

we should configure the dotenv and specify its path 

for this we should use require 

but since we are using ejs we cannot use require so use the import 

> import dotenv from "dotenv";

> dotenv.config({path : "./env"})

but still it may not work because it is still experimental for ejs so 
inside your package.json and dev : use 

>  "scripts": 
    {
        "dev": "nodemon -r dotenv/config --experimental-json-modules src/index.js",
        "start": "node src/index.js"
    },


now it shall work

## step 13 : configure database connection to index.js

Now that we have connected our db connection we should now run the server on 
a particular port 

we use app.js to write the configuration of express and send it to the 
index.js to run on the server 

## step 14 : configuring middlewares using .use (like cors and other data related)

we should add middlewares 

firstly when we access the server from the frontend there may be 
cross origin server errors for which we should configure the cors 

> npm i cors

now we have different type of data coming from the frontend like :

req.params - with different encoding so we should use express.urlencoded()
req.body or json data - which should be handled express.json()
images or pdf files - which should be handled using express.static()

since they are middlewares they should be used by app.use()

to acess the cookies and modify the cookies we should use cookie-parser

> npm i cookie-parser 

since this is also a middleware we should use in app.use()

## step 15 : standardizing the asynchronous functions

we have asynchronous functions running instead of writing them as async 
multiple times we can use it as utility by only writing it once.

we can do this multiple ways using .then.catch and also by using promises 

both uses the higher order functions 

you can find it at 
> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/asyncHandler.js">src/utils/asyncHandler.js</a> 

## step 16 : standarizing the errors and responses

you can see that everytime we have to write the errors so we can also 
standardize the errors by creating a class of errors and modify the Error class 
already given by Node

you can find the class at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/apiErrors.js">src/utils/apiErrors.js</a> 

similarly we have api responses coming for every request 

we can also standardize the requests and codes most of the times will be success codes 

you can find the class at 

> <a href = "https://github.com/SaiEswar15/Backend-Revision-Chai-aur-code/blob/main/src/utils/apiResponses.js">src/utils/apiResponses.js</a> 

## step 17 : creating models using mongoose {Schema and  model}

creating a models which should go into the database 

for this we use the mongoose

> import mongoose from "mongoose"

we should also extract {Schema} from mongoose

now we should create a new Schema 

> new Schema({})

assign it to the variable as schema

> usersSchema = new Schema({})

fill the feilds which you feel they should be present in the document/model

for example login database will contain name, password, email etc 

for every feild we should provide certain qualities like datatype, required, default, timestamps etc

you can find the models in models folder

now you should make it a model and export it 

export const <variable> = mongoonse.model(<nameofthedocument>, <variablenameofschema>)

> export const users = mongoonse.model("User", usersSchema)

## step 18 : using timestamps in mongoose model

use timestamps so that createdAt and updatedAt will be available 

## step 19 : using mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2 as plugin for mongoose

> npm i mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2 which gives additional functionalities to search

> import mongooseAggregatePaginate from "mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2"

and use it just before creating a model as a plugin given by mongoose

videoSchema.plugin(mongooseAggregatePaginate)

## step 20 : encrypting the password with bcrypt

> npm i bcrypt 

Now that we have model of users we have to provide password 
but if we send the password directly there may be case that they
may be misused so we should encrypt 

not only encrypt - we should also decrypt

but once encrypted we just dont put it in our database
we should know weather the encryted is equal to original password given 

so for this problem we use the bcrypt 

**Bycrypt just makes our password hash so that we can encrypt, compare and also decrypt**

Where should we use this ?

Before the model gets created with the details given

direct encryption is not possible so we have to make use
of mongoose hooks 

> pre hook (execute just before saving runs this code)

pre hook takes parameters - 

1. Task we are doing - "save"
2. and function in which we use bcrypt to encrypt password

userSchema.pre("save", ()=>{})

note that dont use arrow function like above because arrow functions doesnt contain the context so it is not recommended.
//instead use 

> userSchema.pre("save", function(){})

since encrpytion takes time make it a async function

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(){})

now inside the function encrypt the password 
you can acess the password using this keyword

convertion 

> bcrypt.hash(this.password)

now assign this encryption to modify before going into model

> this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password)

after encryption is updated 
we have to save the model

how it will move to the save 
we should provide next and this is a middleware 
and contains next parameter

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password)
    next();
})

we can pass the no of salts or rounds along with password or it will remain default

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password, 10)
    next();
})

now we have a problem that this will keep encrypting 
for every change in the title or other feilds 

so we have to make it encrypt if there is password modified so 
we should check :

if(this.isModified("password")) is true it should modify

or should directly move to next()
so we can give the negative case

> if(!this.isModified("password")) return next();

the entire encrypting checking function looks like :

> userSchema.pre("save", async function(next){
    if(!this.isModified("password")) return next();
    this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password, 10)
    next();
})


## step 21 : validating or comparing encrypted password with bcrypt

now we have encryted and sent to create model 

but before moving to create a model we have a problem 

we just cannot send whatever the encrypt password sent
to the model assuming it will work :
we should test whether the encryption is working or it 
randomly sent us some strings

for this we should create custom methods which will be 
provided by mongoose

<variable_name of schema>.methods.<method_name> = function

userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = ()=>{}

as above there will be same difficulty that we cannot acess
this because of using the arrow function so 

we should go for normal function 

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = function(){}

the comparation may takes some time so we should make it async

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorrect = async function(){}

now that our password is updated we should send it as parameter 
for the function

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = async function(password){}

now inside the function you can write the logic to compare
bcrypt gives us the hook called compare

bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

since we want to proceed after completing this process
we should wait till this completed

await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

we will return this which will give us boolean value true/false

> return await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)

the final process will look like :

> userSchema.methods.isPasswordCorerct = async function(password)
{
    return await bcrypt.compare(this.password,password)
}

## step 22 : generating json web token

as of now our password is encrypted and added to database 
but we cannot enter our password everytime we want to enter a website

so we use tokens :

when we first signup/login there will be access tokens and refresh tokens generated 

these will be present in cookies and sessions so that we dont need to login everytime

jsonwebtoken will take the values and secretkey and generate a token and everytime the 
website is visited token will be verified and gven an access.

where will we generate the token ?

just before saving the model we generate the access and refresh tokens 
which will have  a certain expiry date

> npm i jsonwebtoken

> import jwt from "jsonwebtoken"

we create a function which will generate the token 
we use the custom method which is provided by mongoose 

> userSchema.methods.generateAccessToken = function(){}

genearlly the token is generated immedietly so no need of async function
we should use regular function instead of arrow to acess the variables in userSchema
if needed you can use async also

generating a token 

> jwt.sign({ _id,username,email },secret,{expiresIn : 1d})

it will take params 
1. object which contains _id,username,email
2. secret key 
3. object which contains property { expiresIn : 1d}

since we have to give id name and email from our class we should use this

> jwt.sign(
    { 
        _id : this._id,
        username : this.username,
        email : this.email 
    },
    secret,
    {
        expiresIn : 1d
    })

we will return the generated acess token 

>   userSchema.methods.generateAccessToken = function()
    {
        return jwt.sign(
        { 
            _id : this._id,
            username : this.username,
            email : this.email 
        },
        secret,
        {
            expiresIn : 1d
        })
    }

similarly generate the refresh token and update it to refresh token
and we can save the model

## step 23 : creating a controller


now we have to write the controllers

let us consider registering the user 
whenever you have to solve the problem first you have to break
down the problem into multiple steps so that it makes the task easier

to register the user :
1. we have to recieve the data from the frontend and detructure the data
2. we have to check whether all fields are filled in the data or give an error
2. 2.1 check if the username or email already exists
3. we get the files from frontend like avatar and cover pic
4. if they are present we will check and if not will give error
5. if files came we will save them in local using multer config
6. we will store them in cloudinary.
7. check weather they are uploaded sucessfully to cloudinary and get the url
8. entry to database.
9. check if user is entered or not.
10. we send response removing the secret data feilds

before creating a controller of registering user 
we have to use the asyncHandlerPromises util to make the controller async

for this import the asyncHandlerpromises from utils and wrap your function 
inside this higher order function so that it becomes async

## step 24 : creating routes 

provide the routes 
dont provide all routes at one place 

inside routes folder create one file which represents all routes
and then provide different files for all routes

inside allRoutes : main root route will contain
ex : authentication, cart, search, wishlist route etc 

and each will have detailed routes like 
authentication - register, login, etc

you can see the classifiaction in routes folder

## step 25 : using postman

Now run the index file and pass the route in the postman and check for errors 
if server is running successfully 
then proceed with the logics 

## step 26 : test your code and solve errors

### error finding the public folder
you might not be able to upload files into public folder 
by just writing destination : {"/public"}

you should first get the path and the directory name as shown in
src/middleware/multer.js

use these instead if you are using cjs
>   import { fileURLToPath } from 'url';
    import { dirname, join } from 'path';

    const __filename = fileURLToPath(import.meta.url);
    const __dirname = dirname(__filename);
    const destinationPath = join(__dirname, '..', '..', 'public') ;

so now you can upload the files into public folder

## step 27 : cloudinary error

you can use 
> import cloudinary from "cloudinary"

instead like given in documentation
import {v2 from cloudinary} from "cloudinary"

because the uploader uses cloudinary.v2.uploader.upload()

## step 28 : unlinking public files

generally as soon as we upload files of avatar and coverImage 
we can directly push the images into cloudinary 

but in industry level the code is 2 step process 

firstly they upload the files to the local public folder 
and from the local they give path to cloudinary 

after the link is generated they unlink the files in public (delete)

if by any chance the uploading to cloudinary failes the file from 
public folder will also get removed 

This is the standard practice we generally do in industry level.
